README.md, before:

# DockerGC
Running Grasscutter (*some anime game* server reimplementation) with Docker<br>
[![dockeri.co](https://dockeri.co/image/siakbary/dockergc)](https://hub.docker.com/r/siakbary/dockergc)
## How to create a server:
- Install Docker + MongoDB
- Open Terminal and Enter:
```sh
docker run --rm -it -v resources:/home/Grasscutter/resources -p 22102:22102/udp -p 443:443/tcp siakbary/dockergc:dev-2.8 -d 'mongodb://2.0.0.100:27017' -b 'localhost' -f 'yes'
```
or (if you have compose)
```sh
"docker compose up" or "docker-compose up"
```
- Then type "account create yourusername" if there is a new response open the game.
- done 🙂

## How to connect:
- Before starting, open game first and then logout if you have logged in before and then exit again.
- Install Fiddler then open Fiddler then click Tools -> Options -> HTTPS Print "Capture Https" and "Decrypt Https" then click "Actions" then click "Trues Root" then click yes if a popup appears.
- In Fiddler in "FiddlerScript" tab, copy script from https://pastebin.com/raw/rfhpS7U5 then click save.
- Login with your username then password with random then login. 🙂

## Bro, I don't want to make a server, so can I just join to your server?
Yes, Simple way is to just change localhost in file in pastebin to address server you want to connect to.<br>
For server list please join:<br>
[![DockerGC](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/964119462188040202/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/tRYMG7Nm2D)

## HELP
| Func | Info |
| ------ | ------ |
| d | is ip address for your database server , note: use computer ip if you want to run on your own pc, no "localhost" because it is ip in container |
| b | ip public server |
| v | ip private server |
| m | Welcome message for users |
| f | re-download resources if you type "yes" this is useful if you already have a resources folder but there is latest update |
| p | running proxy for android user (https://platinmods.com/threads/intercepting-https-traffic-from-apps-on-android-7-and-above-root.131373/) but need a patch from here https://github.com/Grasscutters/Grasscutter/pull/105 |

## Port
| Port | Info |
| ------ | ------ |
| 80 | web server for http, useless so far |
| 443 | web server for https game only works on https so make sure you have ssl or proxy stuff |
| 22102 | game communication with udp line |
| 8080 | proxy mitmproxy |

Power by Grasscutter ❤️<br>
> https://github.com/Melledy/Grasscutter

Commit message:

add proxy back,ignore command if found config file,update dev patch

README.md, after:

# DockerGC
Running Grasscutter (*some anime game* server reimplementation) with Docker<br>
[![dockeri.co](https://dockeri.co/image/siakbary/dockergc)](https://hub.docker.com/r/siakbary/dockergc)
## How to create a server:
- Install Docker + MongoDB
- Open Terminal and Enter:
```sh
docker run --rm -it -v resources:/home/Grasscutter/resources -p 22102:22102/udp -p 443:443/tcp siakbary/dockergc:dev-2.8 -d 'mongodb://2.0.0.100:27017' -b 'localhost' -f 'yes'
```
or (if you have compose)
```sh
"docker compose up" or "docker-compose up"
```
- Then type "account create yourusername" if there is a new response open the game.
- done 🙂

## How to connect: (PC)
- Before starting, open game first and then logout if you have logged in before and then exit again.
- Install Fiddler then Open Fiddler then click Tools -> Options -> HTTPS -> Check "Capture Https" and "Decrypt Https" then click "Actions" then click "Trues Root" then click yes if a popup appears.
- In Fiddler in "FiddlerScript" tab, copy script from https://pastebin.com/raw/rfhpS7U5 then click save.
- Login with your username then password with random then login. 🙂

 ## How to connect: (Android) (Fiddler)
- Open Fiddler then click Tools -> Options -> HTTPS -> Check "Capture Https" and "Decrypt Https".
- After you follow it, Go to Tools -> Options -> Connection -> Check "Allow remote computer to connect" and make sure the windows firewall is off and don't forget to change the port other than 8888 (change it like 8887) https://www.telerik.com/blogs/how-to-capture-android-traffic-with-fiddler
- On phone, Install Magisk+MagiskTrustUserCerts https://platinmods.com/threads/intercepting-https-traffic-from-apps-on-android-7-and-above-root.131373/
- Change proxy on wifi settings with your server ip
- Login with your username then password with random then login. 🙂

## Bro, I don't want to make a server, so can I just join to your server?
Yes, Simple way is to just change localhost in file in pastebin to address server you want to connect to.<br>
For server list please join:<br>
[![DockerGC](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/964119462188040202/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/tRYMG7Nm2D)

## HELP
| Func | Info |
| ------ | ------ |
| d | is ip address for your database server , note: use computer ip if you want to run on your own pc, no "localhost" because it is ip in container |
| b | ip public server |
| v | ip private server |
| m | Welcome message for users |
| f | re-download resources if you type "yes" this is useful if you already have a resources folder but there is latest update |
| p | Running Proxy, if "yes" |

## Port
| Port | Info |
| ------ | ------ |
| 80 | Web Server for HTTP. (NONEED) |
| 443 | Web Server for HTTPS. *NEED* |
| 22102 | Game Communication (UDP) |
| 8080 | Mitmproxy (NONEED) |

Power by Grasscutter ❤️<br>
> https://github.com/Melledy/Grasscutter
